ah
Hello
even though
animals
for the modification that was taken on 9
now they fall under this law
at the national level
the streets and it's a very bad way of
government take over is saying
that animals dogs cats
animals that can make you suffer a
totally unworthy death on the street and
is totally could not do because the
final your friends see us as their
protectors like the public
for example it should be regularize
our and in the end the only thing that is
doing is giving
washed animals are worth much more than
you fucking assassins this do it
just to save money for that what
make
they want to give him life or this we are
human or then we are living beings and
we are against this house law
because we think that a screen is
I call him he's going to talk the the
to kill wild dogs
that are still a few radios from
urban sector but it's a screen
because in reality this is going to give the pass
for them and magnitude that moves
then we want to avoid
we want to avoid let's say this already calls
street dogs house because he has
stopped in the law to start killing
everything but reduces the form in the streets
correct to do conscience holding
responsible sterilization german
kill not to the house